The snow is Sapporo is probably some of the fluffiest and most powdery that you will ever see. Even trudging through it didn't feel like a chore because it felt like walking through a powder sugar factory, minus the taste. Surprisingly dry, it probably ended up saving my camera when I pulled it out to shoot. In fact, only when I stored the camera into the camera bag did the snow ever melt (and mostly due to body heat as I carried it around). Susukino is technically the red-light district of Sapporo. No, I wasn't looking for "special entertainment". As a part of the snow/ice festival in Sapporo, they host the ice sculptures in Susukino, perhaps to try to clean up the shady image, or perhaps to show visitors a side of Sapporo that is ingrained into its identity. Yes, there are host and hostess club employees walking all over the place trying to bring clients in; one can usually tell by the flamboyant hairstyles and trendy suits of the paired men, and the single ladies that look too well-done for just a night out. Entire buildings are taken by these establishments, and entire streets are filled with these buildings. Observing through the evening, there appeared to be a fairly steady stream of clients escorted back to the various themed clubs to be robbed of their money. I guess to be fair, that money is willingly parted with. For those uninitiated with this aspect of Japanese culture, host and hostess clubs are essentially lounges where customers pay for the social company of its staff. The business model revolves around establishing long-term relationships with customers, who will pay for very expensive bottles on their visits. In some ways, it's like a combination between a hair salon and a dance club. In any case, a night of snow didn't impede business much, though it did cause the leaf-blowers some trouble to keep the ice sculptures looking pristine. Although this is one area I won't be making a trip to again on my next trip through Sapporo, experiencing life in different parts of the world is always fun. 