The return of the lazy Squeaking Flying Caterpillar! I do promise that I'll get around to posting select photos from the NYC/TPE/CTS/HND trip I made in November, but for now a Christmas picture. 

The shot was taken at Borel Hill. From Stanford, it's roughly a half hour drive out to Russian Ridge on either Page Mill or Sand Hill. I wanted to see what the view from the highest peak on the west side of the Bay looked like, especially given today's relatively cloudless conditions. As expected, it was windy and cold up there. My fingers were frozen since, as usual, I didn't prepare enough clothing. The short hike from the parking lot took around 15 minutes uphill (0.8 miles), and there was plenty of space to shoot. Rolling hills extended outward from the mound towards the ocean, with a soft bed of clouds bordering the sun's resting place. I do find myself using the 50mm more and more compared to the 14-24mm, perhaps because it's easier to frame wide compositions with messy distractions everywhere. Otherwise the shoot itself wasn't particularly of note. I shot on manual because the exposure was having trouble with the sharp contrast between a setting sun and dark hills. I didn't feel like bringing a tripod, but it would've helped. Also, there's an amazing view of the city from up there, so maybe a tripod another night. 

The only unfortunate thing was that when I got back to the parking lot, I noticed the tire that was supposed to be repaired had deflated itself. I did notice the low pressure light on the way up the mountain, but upon a closer examination the tires all appeared to be fine, so I continued. I guess I should take those indicator lights more seriously next time. Russian Ridge was unfortunately in a location without cellular reception, and I didn't have the right tools to change into the spare tire, so I had to drive the car down with a flat tire. I wasn't sure what to expect, but going at about 20 mph, I somehow made it home. Once the repair shop opens tomorrow, I'll need to contact them to see if the tire is still salvageable. Blargh. Way to end Christmas. 