An aircraft hanger is a mundane building, but once you strip off the panels, it suddenly becomes a beautiful architectural art piece. Once in 15 years, NASA opens up Moffett Field to the residents of the Bay for touring. As it was the 75th anniversary, they made a huge push to advertise the necessity of NASA in today's world. Sure, it was also a US military PR event (I'm reminded of the blaring loudspeakers enticing little kids to join our Air Force Reserve), but for the most part it was a lot of researchers with their posters trying to explain the relevance of what they work on to the average guy. I stopped by to hear a few, and they're doing all sorts of interesting work with interesting sensors, and the push towards automation of data gathering of our atmosphere and earth using drones is just starting. One big difference I noticed immediately in our conversations was the issue of funding. Living in the Silicon Valley, it's taken for granted that tech has a seemingly unlimited flow of money, whether from advertising revenues a la FB and GOOG, or VCs that throw money at everything. But with NASA, they rely mostly on government funding, and with our current government, less and less money is available every year. You can only imagine what these guys might be able to do if they had the kind of budgets large tech companies had. But I'm kind of going off on a tangent here. It was a pleasure to walk around the old planes that I admired as a child (I once really wanted to be a fighter pilot! Until I realized that the military culture is going to suck for an Asian guy like me.) We simply don't do that kind of hardware engineering anymore. Seeing F-18s, Hueys, F-104s, U-2s all up close make you really appreciate where we used to be, and where we are going today. In another decade or two, these amazing seats strapped on rocket engines will hardly be necessary anymore as drones take over their roles. The Blue Angels will be a reminder of a bygone era, rather than a demonstration of military power, just like Hanger One, a relic of a time with giant blimps. One wonders and hopes for the future of NASA and the researchers/scientists that love their work.